tattooing is finally giving its place
you know through ignorance and through
just Hollywood using tattooing and a
negative light and they're just all of
it you know and yeah certainly there was
some bad there was bad people with
tattoos but there was good people with
tattoos too
and I didn't actually do this to myself
to to you know make myself into a
sideshow oddity I did it because I was a
collector of tattoo art
we just want to push it as far as we can
you always want to invent new things and
bring people together and push ourselves
as artists and represent the tattoo
artists or artists first
they're really trying to support the
artists and the support what we're
trying to have thriving which is more
than just art more than just all these
different facets it says an actual
community that we're building
I'm really welcome to see people accept
tattooing in society and LCDs done a
great job of promote then I mean you
know our my my my hats off to
my philosophy as far as life goes is
that you know you're you're here to
enjoy it here to live it and all that
but you're also here to make it um a
mark in some way
Hale city festival yeah like I said last
year this is a coolest tattoo festival
this out of hell